Documentation for LocalQueueDefaulting (#3783)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/reference/labels-and-annotations.md

The label key in the workload holds the queue name.

Note: Read more about [Setup LocalQueueDefauling](/docs/tasks/manage/enforce_job_management/setup_default_local_queue/)

> in order to automatically fullfill `kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to automatically set the `kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name` label.
```
nit
